{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Geneva;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13720\viewh17880\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Reigning Cats & Dogs\
\
From tabby to bulldog, Siamese to Shepherd, the message is the same: \'93Feed me, pet me, play with me.\'94 And human beings love it. Cats and dogs are our pets, our friends, our children and sometimes even our gods. Ancient Egyptians worshipped cats and went so far as to dedicate a city to them. And dogs are revered as man\'92s best friend, protectors of our homes and eyes for the blind. Many of them have even had their own TV shows. But what are their counterparts in the wild?\
\
Alaskan Husky\
\
Long prized as sled dogs, Alaskan Huskies have been hauling men over large frozen distances in sub-zero weather decades before any other form of transportation could begin to brave the bleak northern reaches of our continent. Their seemingly tireless strength and stamina, their devotion and loyalty, and their \'93heart for the run\'94 have made them invaluable in a region where nature is not kind. But they are also creatures of amazing beauty, their wolflike markings giving them the same look of feral nobility seen in their wilder cousins. And this appearance must be seductive, for, although his book certainly explores many aspects of their nature and habits, it was unquestionably this untamed beauty which ultimately induced Jack London to immortalize them in CALL OF THE WILD.\
\
Bengal Tiger\
\
The largely solitary and nocturnal Bengal Tiger inhabits a variety of ecosystems from Bangladesh to Tibet. Found in snowcapped mountains and lowland forests, along riverbanks, jungles and coastal regions, these 500-plus pound cats fare best in remote areas far from civilization\'97which seems to be its greatest enemy. Known for its ability to sever its prey\'92s neck vertebrae in a single leap, the Bengal Tiger derives its name from an Indian word meaning \'93he who kills in one bound.\'94 It is undoubtedly this very prowess which has made them alternately feared and revered, avoided and coveted. For while the Bengal Tiger seems to have no interest in human prey, unfortunately the reverse cannot be said to be true. For centuries the tiger was pursued for its fur coat, for the medicinal healing and strengthening powers of its bone marrow and glandular secretions, as a pet for emperors, and later as a prestigious addition to zoos And one Chinese belief holds that if a warrior eats the heart of a Bengal Tiger, he will come to possess a courage in battle which never fails. Of course this belief may have been perpetuated by the very fact that if a warrior could muster the nerve to hunt and kill the dangerous Bengal Tiger, he already possessed a courage which would not waver in battle.\
\
Gray Wolf \
\
One of the most magnificent animals ever to grace our continent was for decades regarded as undesirable and almost faced extinction in the lower 48 states. The gregarious Gray Wolf, hunting in packs, was in fact a very useful means of controlling the deer population, which would otherwise have exploded, its members subsequently starving to death due to insufficient food for its large numbers. But thanks to the Endangered Species Act, today gray wolves are being translocated back to the western states.\
\
International Flora & Fauna(register trademark) \'95 250 Cypress Blvd. \'95 Beaver Dam, PA  \'95 (555) 555-5555}